# Environment Setup

## Goals
* The hypervisors are EXSi with vSphere present as needed. You can imagine any quantity 1..N bare-metal servers as you'd want, all collocated, so there are LAN speed and reliability interconnections between them.
* You can add any support boxes: network hardware, software servers, etc. that you might need.
* The boxes DevA and DevB are Linux hosts (Centos if you want to be specific). DevC is Windows 10. SupD is also CentOS. Because this is not a resource balancing trial, I'm intentionally not specifying guest or host capacities.
* The lab will be accessed remotely from HQ and other known origins.
* The guest machines should have separate logins per engineer and the guest machines should be addressable by name. None of the lab should be accessible to the public at large.
* The guest machines must be addressable
* with IPv4, you may use IPv6 anywhere it helps you accomplish your goals (including not at all)
---

## Overview
In order to manage and deploy environments the Overlord physical machine has been setup as a Type1 hypervisor using the vCenter Server client.

Jenkins is setup on machine 1 that can be used to kick off Testcafe tests as well as any other testing software required. All internal users have access to this Jenkins (https://jenkins.verodin.com/). Login details are your company credentials.

On a seperate machine vSphere is used to create 3 ESXi virtual machines that carry out tasks and reporting information back to machine 1 and select information to machine 3.

Machine 3 is a reporting machine that is customer facing. Customers are able to setup accounts with their customer e-mail address for tracking purposes. Customers are able to access certain things as a changelog generated by Jenkins on machine 1 as well as a limited Cucumber.js report to see status of automated tests if needed (https://status.verodin.com/). All logging information is sent back to machine 1 containing guest login information and requests. Full Cucumber.js reports are viewable by all internal users.

---
## Machines
||Machine Name|OS|Type|IP Address|Location|
|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|1|Overlord|Windows|vCenter|192.168.0.10|Machine 1|
|2|DevA|CentOS-7|ESXi|192.168.0.2|Machine 2|
|3|DevB|CentOS-7|ESXi|192.168.0.3|Machine 2|
|4|DevC|Windows 10|ESXi|192.168.0.4|Machine 2|
|5|Customer Requests|CentOS-7|ESXi|192.168.0.5|Machine 3|

All machines are only accessible within company internal network or VPN and require Verodin internal account.

---
## Security
### Roles
* Administrator
  * Full access to vCenterServer and all EXSi machines
* QA/Devops
  * Allows user to perform snapshot operations and for interactions with virtual machines console
* Developer
  * A read only role that allows user to view the state and details of machines

NOTE: All roles are set through LDAP groups